You
Can you give me a sound check please I
Should be okay, but I just want to make sure I don't start out too quickly
And respect the fact I haven't been on in a little while. I apologize for being away
The latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario
Good to see you Mark. Good to see you Pamela. I am Katniss and
Suitspider first in according to my little rank here. That means you get the big money today. Well done
Just send me your address and the check will be in the mail
Don't let the iPad fall in the watermark. I
Think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more in this society
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is
There is a very real difference between the people
the people who are
Raised in a world where they trust people they trust others and because they trust others they have a built-in vulnerability
a built-in deficiency of
Compared to the people who are raised in a world where they don't trust others because when you're raised in a world where you don't trust
You can always learn to trust but when you're raised in a world where you trust first
It's very difficult to train that person to know when to not trust someone else
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know, I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important not to be a liar
I
Protect yourself at all times follow my instruction. Keep it clean touch gloves if you wish. Let's do it
Sweaty bombs. This is so crazy
Like these bumps. This is so crazy. I feel so nervous like what in the world man
You
Good evening ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
This is king of biological
If you have been following me for a while you are here at the top of the wave we are
staying focused on the biology
Don't take the beta on television or on social media and we try to love our neighbor as best we can
This is how it works people contribute to my work, and that's all we're doing here. It's a viewer funded show
It's a one-man band
I've got a website or two a place to talk soon. There's gonna be a place where this stream will be instead of twitch
I don't want to promise too much yet, but I think in a couple three weeks or less. We should be able to get there
Mike Vandenberg mixed date. I'm not really sure I think maybe even in maybe two weeks
But we'll see in the meantime subscribe if you can share if at all possible
This work right now is being made exclusively possible by these people
Greg James has been absolutely
instrumental in making this happen for you and for me and
It's without without Greg's belief in me
I definitely wouldn't be here without the support and belief of many of these other people here
None of them are small and stature in terms of what they've contributed to me and my family
And I think them all very very much if you think your name's supposed to be on there probably will be if it's not already
Yeah, so we'll update it about once a week we can't do it much more than that
Free occupation and to try and do something at the very end ladies and gentlemen illusion is sustained only through your active participation
What that basically means is that they scared you into a corner and you didn't really know what to do
but but it starts with non compliance and
Yes, I'm talking about those things too. You gotta just stop gotta stop completely
Scott
Shara actually suggested we had to drop our insurance because that's that's already playing in
to the system
I'm not sure if I can I can
In good conscious recommend that to everybody because some people have decent insurance and a good
doctor within that insurance, but you do definitely need to do your due diligence and
Do what you can for your family
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is Kingo and biological high resistance low noise information great brought to you by biologist
My name is Jonathan Cooley. This is the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
It is 634. I wanted to be out of 18 18
But I didn't make it. I'm human just like you
We are still working hard to try and free ourselves from what has turned out to be almost exclusively an exercise
And it is an exercise that seems to have been brought out and brought upon us
by the conscious and intelligent manipulation of our habits and
Of our opinions and this is not just to refer to what we would now call as the pandemic
but we're talking about the beginning of the planet of the apes remake we're talking about the
the way that they have
intricately woven this idea of a pandemic into different tabletop
Exercises and this kind of thing and so we have been manipulated for a long time to believe that public health is a thing
That vaccines are things that that diseases and global global pandemics are a thing
And and this is something that hasn't been
It wasn't started just in
2020 and you need to really understand that if you really want to understand the full breadth and depth of what we're what we're up against
and that's what I think the combination of the biology that I
Sort of helped bring to the fore and the history and the people that mark you satanika and mark Gulak has done so well
Archiving on his website in a way that everyone can simply look at the people and look at the connections and see
Who worked with who and who taught who and where these ideas originated and then see how how?
Desecrated the the sacred biology is becoming very very rapidly as we move move through the pandemic into the next phase of whatever this is
I'm gonna shift down here to the bottom one of the things that again, I like to bring up a lot is that
the intellectual dark web was a group of people that was placed before the pandemic positioned before the pandemic it was like a
Sort of test run of how if we yell in this tube over here
You know, can we hear it in that tube over there?
Or can we hear it in those tubes over there?
And so they had already begun playing before the pandemic with people like Joe Rogan to see if we you know
subtly drop a hint about this pasta in in the back of his video
how many people buy it if he you know talks about the benefits of
X Y and Z combination of nutrients, you know
How many people seek those out as he as they're watching the podcast and can we keep track of those metrics?
And of course all of those
Algorithms and all of those data pipes were set in place before the pandemic on Facebook Twitter
You name it and then even more cleverly
Through the censorship of the pandemic they drove people to even more alternative places like like signal and telegram
And who knows who has the backdoor to those?
platforms, but you can almost
It's almost without a doubt that each one of those platforms has a backdoor. Otherwise they may
You could argue not even be allowed to exist because of this because of the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses being an important element of democratic society
In fact, I would argue that in the pandemic it has been the single most important part of the execution of the pandemic the controlling of
People's minds and people's attention and more importantly what questions they were asking did not allow anyone to exercise
Informed consent because we were arguing about the wrong things
We were curious about the wrong things we wanted the answers to the wrong questions and therefore even when we got our answers
we were bamboozled into believing we were exercising informed consent when we were not and
At the very base of this is the idea that there was a novel pathogen that no one had any
Previous immunity to and therefore we all needed to worry, you know, is it gonna be me that has the bad reaction?
Is it gonna be me?
The worst case scenario
That there is a very real difference between the people
The people who are raised in a world where they trust people they trust others and
Because they trust others they have a built-in vulnerability a built-in deficiency of
Compared to the people who are raised in a world where they don't trust others because when you're raised in a world where you don't trust
You can always learn to trust but when you're raised in a world where you trust first
It's very difficult to train that person to know when to not trust someone else
Now there's two things here that I want to point out the first one is is to give him a little bit of credit
The whole context of this discussion is that he didn't have a perfect relationship with his parents and therefore he grew up not trusting adults
now in some
Broad sense I have something in common with him other people probably have something in common with him
If you had a parent or parents that were either abusive or left early or you know
whatever disappointed in some way that
Somehow is sitting in your psyche as evidence that not all adults are trustworthy and you were especially unable to find an
Alternative trustworthy adult you could be pretty messed up
But if you had bad parents, but you found a history teacher or a biology teacher or an older brother or something like that or a grandma
That could explain to you why these people were flawed how they were flawed and despite their flaws you could trust them
Then you could develop a a system and understanding for how do you?
Tell when somebody is trustworthy. How do you see you you understand that people all people lie?
that's the that's what he's really talking about here and
The idea that some children can grow up
With the idea that nobody lies is a is a that he's misleading the young with this statement right here
Because the only way the only way in my imagination that someone can grow up thinking that
The vast majority of people telling the truth are all around the world is if you believe that you must respect everyone's lived experience
That you believe that everybody's story is worth telling everybody's opinion is worth listening to every every
Every stance or or angle is a right
Kind of like when somebody says that you know what about the parental rights of parents who are parents of trans kids
don't they have any rights and
So in this scenario
Where everybody's opinion matters and where where we have to respect people's lived experience now you get in a situation where trust doesn't matter
Because you're forced to take people's word. You're almost not allowed to
Distrust or doubt stories or hey man, are you really being all totally honest here?
That's offensive
And so this is misleading the young because again, he's on a podcast here trying to be all cool
You know, he's the everyday spy. He's supposed to work for the CIA
And now he's revealing this on all the bros with shows about how it works and how liars work. No, he's not
Because the fundamental truth is is that there are adults that are paid to lie
The fundamental truth is is that our government uses lies in misdirection in order to govern us and most of us
We're not aware the breadth and the depth of this the use of this technique and
Most of us underestimated how much of biosecurity and
Defense and in general might be ghosts and hoaxes and and mythologies to make sure
That the dollars and the incentives keep flowing in the same directions for decades
So that they have command over where these initiatives and attentions are placed
And so he's misleading people right here. This is not being honest even though it sounds like, you know
If people grow up trusting people then they're vulnerable and if they grow up not trusting people then they're not vulnerable
That is ridiculously oversimplifying how this works
But it's also missing this huge point of you know how the culture is now
Pivoting especially with people in university and people in high school where you know
The whole idea of having a debate where you can take a position that you don't necessarily believe and this is almost a lost art now
And so I'm just saying it sounds simple. It sounds cool. It's totally misleading
And it's everywhere on the internet, but sometimes you get moments of brilliance
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know, I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important not to be a liar
He thinks it's really important not to be a liar. This is the guy who
Just said that drastic was started by what?
Metzel is that his name?
I mean, he lies regularly on purpose because he's paid to do it. Some of the stuff
He says is perfectly on target and others of it is just lies. He's lied before he'll lie again
He thinks it's important not to be a liar, but he is a liar
He has lied. He will lie again
So none of those things that he said are lies except
that
That means that he's a liar
And I'm getting really tired of people that are spectacularly committed to lies when they know they don't need to be
People that are spectacularly committed to lies when they could just ignore me
There are telegram groups with aerial photos of my old house
There are signal chats that are talking about my various
psychoses
And for what?
We're talking about those things because they don't want us to acknowledge that this is the truth
That we are surrounded by liars
And it only takes a spectacular commitment to this lie in order for us to get across the finish line
All the other stuff is extemporaneous
If they hurt some guy who's renting his house in Pittsburgh
With 3,000 followers who's even going to notice
And so it's they're happy to be spectacularly committed to lies about me and lies about my family lies about people who
I've collaborated with like mark kulak or jessica hockett
They're happy to
Because they know that the algorithm and this is something that has really become obvious to me now in the past couple weeks
They know that the algorithm
Will allow me to see their their snide tweets and allow me to see the the snide remarks
But the entire
Rest of the web sees what the rest of the algorithm wants them to see eventually all of us are going to just see
our own little mirror image of
Whatever reality actually is and so we'll get almost nothing of the actual reality that other people see
To a large extent it's already there
And so with a with a wave of his hand
And the tap of the magic wand
Somebody takes over an already well-developed military algorithm that was running a short microblog
application
Proports to buy it for billions of dollars
Changes nothing but now has access to it and control over it. So it was well worth the money
But in reality, it's still probably being run by the people above him
Because
Because it's always been a tool of control. They're all liars. You see it's not it's not a
It's not good enough to think that most of these people don't know what's going on. That's that's just not acceptable anymore
It's not acceptable to think that that Tucker Carlson might be a patriot if we're just lucky
He might actually be a patriot that's actually just fighting for our grandchildren
That's absolutely positively wrong and we need to be aware of it. It's not a it's not a something or a possibility. They're not
Alex Jones is not fighting for our grandkids. He's he's just not
A long time ago in a galaxy far far away
Before he made the footage from the golf cart with the with the owl on the side
It's possible that Alex Jones was a good guy
But not anymore
A long long time ago not anymore
Same with this one
It's just one big it's one big show
And and if we don't start to see
That it's one big show pretty soon if we don't see how it was done
We're not going to be able to get our kids to see it
We're not going to be able to get college kids to see it because in a couple more years maybe even after this election
Everybody's already going to be done and moved on and they're not going to want to talk about it anymore
You know like a divorce or a or a bad girlfriend
And therefore we do really have a limited time and that's really what they all know
We they it felt like this about six months already. We described it as they're running out the clock
That's all they're doing is running out the clock team worst case scenario is running out the clock with this stuff about dna
And you know getting in front of the senate and saying the same thing over and over again like we said before
I won't go through this right now
But teamwork case scenario was really important people in the beginning of the pandemic to get us to believe in this mystery
That needed to be solved and we're still solving now today
That's what this is. That's how they got us. That's how they got most of the tv watching public
If you want to shock your family and friends and get them out of this
These are the kinds of statements you need to say intramuscular injection in many combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
And then try to explain it
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent because
There are hundreds of thousands of doctors and biologists that should have known the
Transfection in healthy animals who was a dumb idea
Would not be able to use fully augment the immune system
They should have known and because they didn't say anything or didn't speak up or even worse
Told people to do it anyway
These people are all culpable and they had very very least oh everybody in their lives in apology
And viruses are not patterned integrity is there something all of us are going to learn in the next couple years
I mean, that's just inevitable. Why are they doing this? Let's think very carefully
They have inverted
How we think of ourselves in terms of our sovereignty and therefore they are on the cusp of being able to tell our teenagers
And our college kids that have surrendering your dna
surrendering your medical data
To the nih is just that's what you do that the how are you gonna the way to help is to give it all up
And
The argument that the human genome project has been making since its inception is that we have if we had enough copies
If we had enough games of gold if we had enough games of chess if we had enough
Examples of the human genome and the medical data that goes along with it
We could feed that to an AI and the AI could learn to play chess
The AI could learn to play go and the AI could learn to rearrange and fix
the human genome
That's the story that's the that's the game right there. All the other stuff is probably related to it
But essentially that's where we are they've been trying to
Transform the way we think about ourselves for the last 30 years so that they're when they decide
To eventually flip the switch on this transhuman agenda this futurist agenda
Which they've already kind of flipped the switch on it will be something that you can no longer resist your kids can't resist because the iD
Already in place because the censorship on the internet is already in place because the the digital currencies are already in place
And so when they decide to actually do it, it's already over
And I don't think we have that long to stop it. I don't I don't
I don't think we have that long to teach these college kids what actually happened
And to apologize to them for letting them go back to college letting them take part in a year of testing
letting them take shots
Instead of just keeping them home
Letting them get a part-time job and smoke some weed in the garage
With their friends, you know
Because that's what that's what we should have done with our college kids not necessarily the smoking in the garage part
But we should have kept them home. We should have let them get a part-time job
We should have let them take a
Leadership course
In Wyoming
We should have sent them on an internship somewhere. We should have
Done anything
But sent them back into the arms of people who could change their mind about stuff
That could change the rules at any time that could recommend
Medical procedures at any time and change their mind about them later
All of these things with financial incentives behind them. Why did we let our children go back into that mouth?
That the monster. Why?
These are the kinds of things that we need to talk about these are the kinds of things we need to focus on none of the other
None of this other social media garbage matters at this stage because they murdered Americans to get this to happen
That's the real truth of it that I want to get out today
Is that they murdered Americans and they some I think they probably murdered other people other places as well
But in America there was especially a lot of murder in order to make sure
That the worst case scenario was believed that there would be numbers to put on the news
And so the spread of bad ideas was much scarier and more dangerous than the spread of any RNA molecule
And all the people that participated in the spread of these ideas and haven't rained it in yet
Haven't put the brakes on yet
Haven't gotten out of the car and said i'm done with this these people are becoming more and more culpable
There is becoming less there's less and less excuse to say that I didn't know that there was I was just so fooled
But our neighbors and our friends
And our co-workers are being fooled right now about the pandemic potential and badcaves about the pandemic potential that's accessible in laboratories
Either through serial passage or even through genetic engineering
And they are already aware that the who is interested in changing the way that we think about our democracy
But they believe it's under the pretense that worst case scenario is possible
That we just dodged the bullet of worst case scenario this time
That's why they're not totally on board would let's just get out of the un and forget this nonsense
Let's forget about it
They can't because the worst case scenario is still in the back of their head
And it's still knocking on social media it's still knocking on pbs news hour
And so we're trapped in this little paradigm right now that that badcave viruses are a danger
And that you know
There are people like paul off it and tony fauci telling us that millions of people were saved
That would have otherwise died
If we hadn't transfected billions of people and they're still not calling in a transfection
No one has using the word transfection to describe the transfections
And I think we can keep going on about you know, what are these people doing?
But they're not they're not using the word transfection correctly. They're just not
And so I think it would be instructive to just see where the state of the thing is where
Where's the best place to look? You know, if you get rid of all these people
You just reveal the illusion of consensus is behind it all the time. It's just there
It's just there in the background. You look at social media. Oh, there they are
Cool. What do they got to say? You wipe that all away
And it's just an illusion of consensus. It's all those people agreeing on very specific things
Even the way that they're said and when to talk about them
And then amplifying each other and oh, this guy's really smart
That girl knows what she's talking about. Oh, thank goodness for her
I
Can't wait until somebody finally listens to him
And Brett Weinstein can get 50,000 followers a month
And marcoolac gets like 140
Jessica hockett might lose 200 followers a month. I might lose 200 followers a month sometimes
That's how my stuff goes
And i'm not worried about it. I'm not whining about it
I'm saying that there is a mechanism out there that creates this illusion of consensus
That's not just a bunch of people agreeing
Okay, that's the thing that I would really like people to start to contemplate
It's not just people agreeing
It's also an algorithm that puts certain messages in front of you
And makes it appear as though other people are seeing the messages that you throw out the replies that you throw out the kinds of
Arguments that you see are almost neutered or invisible
to many other people
Hidden behind see more replies or you know offensive replies or whatever it is
Multiple clicks sometimes and sometimes they're just not there people like myself Jessica hockett marcoolac
There are people
Whose posts on the other hand come right where they're supposed to go maybe they can even click on who they want to see it
Guarantee to see it
They also use bots to do it so bots will follow you and then people who want you to see things
Even if you don't follow them can use those bots that follow you
And then when those bots retweet what they say that shows up in your feed, but you can't really connect for how it is
But it's because they've got bots
And so twitter is being gained and it can only be gained by the people number one who understand it and number two
Who are not suppressed by the algorithm? And so those people are necessarily connected to something bigger
And that's what his most revealing about twitter is that you can see the network on twitter and I think that they have overextended
And I think it's they're like a read but they they're not a read they're supposed to bend like a read
But they're not bending like a read they're like a piece of bamboo and they're really going to snap quick
And that is really this teamwork case scenario illusion
That's this idea that there was a gain of function virus the gain of function is real that they knew at the whole time
That it was probably a lab leak and that's why there's so much of this variance out there
And that's why it continues to evolve because of the fear and cleavage site and yada yada yada
All the stories that we heard about the spike and the dangers of it
It's all teamwork case scenario
And I want to take another shot at explaining it because I really think it's important to
To get this right and uh, it's a it's a jazz show, you know, it's a jazz show
But we've got to understand the limited spectrum of debate that we are being held in
We've got to be able to feel all the sides of it so that we can break free of it
And
So I thought chd tv might be a good place to see
The sort of state of the art of where we are and and this is uh post
post senate
Interviews with mary holland so we're going to look at a few of these interviews and we're going to talk about them
I'm going to take a little notes and we're going to see where we are with regard to the narrative
So
Good morning children's health defense today is monday march 4th
And i'm very excited to share with you
Interviews that I was able to do last monday at the briefing that senator ron johnson organized in washington dc
I was able to meet with several of the people who spoke and some who did not know I do need these
And I think you can find this really interesting
Sorry about that
Good morning children's health defense mary holland here president of chd
And i'm delighted to be here with frank gaffney who will tell us about why he's here and why this is important
Frank tell us who you are i'm here
As the executive chairman of the center for security policy and the co-founder of what we call the sovereignty coalition of which
They're very proud that your outfit is a member
Uh, because you've put on a program that is of surpassing importance
Uh, i'm a huge fan of senator johnson of course
But also of children's health and and work that you all are doing
specifically to make sure that we now compound
the mistakes that were made in the pandemic 1.0
specifically by that i mean that the
The entity that i believe was really a driving force behind most of the mistakes about
the origins the mistakes about the
nature
The stakes about the transmissibility the mistakes about what we should do about the cobit
pandemic virus what we would call it
namely the world's health organization i'm very proud to see that you're sporting the vietnamar sovereignty coalition on iron
And
I think that we are parallelously called simply indeed three months away
from having
that organization
Rewarded
For its malfeasance not just incompetence. I believe malfeasance
Personally, I think at the direction of the chinese communist party
with
uneventionably
Hidden power, but frank, let me let me let me push back
It's so clearly unconstitutional for the united states federal government to give up power
To over health to a foreign organization or an international body when health has been historically at the state level
Why is this so threatening because it's it clearly at some point would be found unconstitutional assuming the constitution for mates
but
Well, that's an assumption and what we've been watching of course including in the pandemic what boy doe
Or huge erm roaches in our constitutional frame. It was as you know
And more to the point what is in prospect now?
I think is this idea that well, yes
It may be unconstitutional but by the time some court gets around to saying so, you know
And in joining it or otherwise sweet, you know blocking all of this
An enormous amount of dent just where they died and then mary you
Were very close to all of this so I know you were up where I'm sure most of your members are as well that
What went down
back in the course of
2020 and 2021 to
was
at the
Instigation I would argue certainly with the advice of the world real football sensation and what
you know that translated it into was
medical practitioners
First nurses medical institutions
The health and the system industry research centers universities
The governments all decided that they had to do daisery water ghee
Goldville fleas I should make of the heist
Well in the years the world health organization actually has the authority
Heaven to it buy all of these nations to not only
Tell us when we have a public health emergency of international concern
But what we must do about it, right and that is with a compulsory
quality to it not just an advisory one
And so I'm just very concerned that that alone plus
you know the surveillance
Apparatuses that they're going to be putting into place plus the censorship
Apparatuses, they're going to be putting in place plus the
biological
weapons proliferation
Apparatuses, they're going to be putting into place
If we don't have any time to to waste so what can our viewers do Frank?
How can they support this effort to have this be off the table?
It's the right question and I'm hoping that today's event will be a catalyst for both answering it and impelling it
I just you know, there's a lot of details here, but just at the top line level. I've got a three-part
Approach that I think would make all the difference
one is
for us to depart
the world health organization, right
secondly
We should we not we must I think defund the world health organization, right?
and third
We must defang the world health organization. Harsh defund defanged or I like it the 3d
and once you got those
underway, I think everything becomes a lot more tractable
Now can we do that without the support of the Biden administration?
Which is in fact, as you know prime clover behind all of this it remains to be seen
but I just have to say, Mary, in the space of just the past few days
capped by this particular event
I think there's a new impetus behind all of this people are becoming aware and people are becoming engaged super
Thank you so much, Mr. Gaffney. Oh, bless her
Okay, hold on. Let me get this camera running and see if I can get this this
This up here
Yes, great
So senator ron johnson's little meeting here
The first one we're talking about is a guy by the name of frank working for the center of security
Center for security policy
CHD is a member of their coalition
They oppose the who the who caused these entities to behave incorrectly
So he seemed to state that other governments and whatever behaved the way they behaved because the who declared a pandemic and so
It is the who's fault
To a certain extent, I don't think he's wrong. I just
I don't think we should absolve any of these people in leadership positions from having not pulled the plug on this
Operation
Any of these people could have stopped it
But none of them did and I think that means that they are all
disqualified from leading in the future if you really believe that what we did was incorrect
So he says depart the who defund the who defang the who why don't we just leave the un
Because the un is actually the who
And so why don't we leave the un?
No one wants to say that
I find it strange. Maybe it's because it's unrealistic. I don't know
But to me
I agree with the this whole business here
But again after all that talk that guy was an american and we didn't talk about the prep act being
Struck and we didn't talk about the back scene act from 1986, you know being
Restored to its original status. We didn't talk about any
Real solutions in america, right?
We're talking about dealing with an international organization run by you know international people that we have very little control over other
Than writing checks and he already got through saying that we don't even write the biggest check
And even if we stop it doesn't seem to matter they'll get out there get their money from other places
And if we still go along with it, then who cares?
And so this is really
It feels disingenuous. I guess I also saw in the chat that he's been on the ban in war room quite a few times
So that's a for me. That's a pretty big red flag. I don't know what to say about that. Okay. Let's uh
Let's do the next guest. Here we go
So
Tell us a little bit about what you're going to be saying to this briefing that senator johnson's put together
So we'll be discussing the dna contamination that what you found inside the m&r
Vaccines and what implications that may have for the quality of the vaccines and any sort of clinical side effects that they may present
What are you finding in your research on the vaccine?
The dna contamination is actually quite varied lot to lot
We have seen some that have ct scores, which is a pcr score people may be familiar with from covet testing
Um that are as low as 12 and 13
Covet testing you may have been deemed positive at 35, which is a a million fold less rna
Then what they're finding in the shot says as a contaminant that's injected
Uh, we're also finding that there are fragments of dna in there that are active inside of a million cells very recently
We have we have transfected these things into the million cells and we can see some evidence that the dna is getting replicated in the cell
Um, so that's a big deal because in the past we thought, well, maybe the dna it'll get destroyed as it goes into the cell
What we're seeing now is there's evidence that actually it's it's growing in number when it gets into the cell for brief periods of time
Uh, and it is surviving several passages of cells. So we take cells and transfect them with the vaccines
Um, this is work that will least done over in germany
Um, the cells express spike protein. We can see that with the amino histochemistry
You then take a portion of those cells and regrow them in another flask for like another three to six days
And uh and measure again and we can see rna and dna from the vaccines still
Now correct me if i'm wrong, but we were all told that there could be no dna integration. Isn't that right?
We're told several things we were told. Um, it wouldn't last long. We were told this dna contamination wouldn't get into the cells
That's wrong. We were told if it did get into cells it would disappear and never get into the nucleus
Now we're finding all of those things were wrong
Uh, now we're beginning to look at whether it's getting into the nucleus right now
By looking for dna integration
We have some very preliminary evidence that needs to be verified with longer reads
But we can find pieces of dna from the spike sequence in the vaccine that is fused with chromosome 12
And chromosome nine
What we don't know is whether it is actually in the chromosome or whether this is some type of extra chromosomal thing going on
And we did this all with cancer cell lines and the this is a key part
So listen to this carefully. They did this all with cancer cell lines
So he's going to tell you why that's a problem problem with cancer cell lines
Is they go through a process known as chromophrypsis, which is like the genome shatters a little bit
Some pieces of dna don't get carried on to the next generation
Uh, and it so we we don't know whether our dna is integrated to the actual chromosome or whether it is something that's a
An extra chromosomal mess that might get eliminated. So
So so that's a pretty big deal. I'm not saying that I'm going to argue about it now what that means for the signal
But if we go to the tape
What we basically have is there are dna in the vaccines
She used the phrase. What did you find in your research on the vaccines? I guess this should be one stroke here
Um, so like two or three or four or five times
They repeated the word vaccines here and the only time he used the word
Transfection was when he said we transfected these into cell culture
All the other times that they refer to it in this interview, they're going to talk about it as a vaccine
They're not going to call it transfection unless it's in a cell culture now. I would
I would argue that's not helping
I would argue that we're missing a huge opportunity here for somebody like kevin mccurn and somebody with
The the pedigree and the background and the authority to say you know what?
These are just transfections and transfection was a very common
A common methodology used on the academic bench for at least the last decade and a half
And it's really become ubiquitous in the last decade
We're almost every laboratory no matter what experiment they're doing
In vitro or in vivo somewhere along the line they're going to transfect something with something
And so why not open with that?
Because then we would get to the truth and with the justice much faster because we would be plain and and simple
There's a term that they could have told you in 2020
Which would have led all of us to probably make a very different decision at least have a very different impression
On the unknown nature of transfection in healthy humans
And yet somehow or another we only are using the word transfected in cell culture to
Somehow imply that the word transfection is really specific for a laboratory preparation or for for in vitro work. It's not
When you use RNA to express a protein in a living animal, it's called
Transfection if you put it in a lipid nanoparticle, it's called
Transfection if you wrap it around gold particles, it's called transfection
If you use electricity, it's called electroporation, but still transfection
And so another thing that got reinforced here was that PCR testing and the PCR testing values were of a certain cycle
And so lower cycles being a higher signal was reinforced here
Which also kind of got everybody's wheels going from 2020. Oh, yeah, that's right. They cycle to like 45
And that's why there were so many false positives
That's by design
That's why they dropped that comment in there. That's why that comment is there
And so this is very important to listen to critically and to hear it well because yes kevin mccurnan appears to be on our team
Yes, mary holland appears to be on our team
But there's still an illusion that needs breaking and whether they're wittingly or unwittingly caught in the illusion
We've got to point it out
And in this case we can be pretty confident it wouldn't matter who is holding the microphone
The odds of them being bamboozled by kevin mccurnan if he wants to is
nearly a hundred percent
I consider myself a fairly well-read biologist. I know quite a bit about basic molecular biology
But if he wanted to take me to school on on the the state of the art of these things
I'm quite certain that at some point I would just have to yield
I don't know what that is and what that is. What that is. I don't know what that means. I don't know what you just said
There it is you've done you win
I get it
But when we're talking about fidelity of RNA copying when we're talking about looking at the previous literature of coronavirus
When we're talking about basic immunology
That's not a place where he can necessarily bowl anybody over
And in fact I would argue that somebody who's well-read
Really well-read in immunology and knows how to argue the the pathogen or sorry
The damage associated molecular patterns versus pathogen associated molecular patterns can argue linked recognition
Can argue the difference between tolerance and T cells and the payer's patches and intolerance of
T helper cells and and effector cells in in circulation from the lymph nodes
Then that that's beyond him
And so that's why we're here right now. It's fine. There is DNA in there. It's garbage
That's great, but transfection and its best form and its purest form
Would have been wholly inappropriate for humans and my argument is
Because he started he cut his teeth on the human genome project then made a a fortune making companies and selling them
patenting things and selling those patents
That he definitely knew better
He definitely knew that the odds of them removing the DNA from the RNA after using a process like
He coli to double that DNA to copy that DNA to make recombinant DNA in a sufficient quantity to produce enough
RNA to put it in billions of shots
He would have known already very early on in the process that they uh
That's not going to go so well
They've got to be full of baloney. They can't possibly be doing it that that that didn't need this experiment to happen
That's why I was confident in objecting to transfecting
Healthy humans back in 2020 and 2021. That's why I was confident
Because you don't need data to know that
Transfection in healthy humans who was absurd. We've got mountains
Infinite data from all the mice all the hamsters
All the monkeys all the marmosets all the everybody that's been transfected in a laboratory. We've got the data
There's not one animal model. There's not one experimental preparation where this is used
As a as a you know just go on
Let the animal live and keep doing experiments. That's not how it works
And they know that I knew that
And anyone that worked as an academic biologist in almost
Any capacity should have known that
All right, this is going to keep going because I think there's two people on this this interview, but this is pretty good
Need longer reads to sort that out
Um, but it's very concerning in that this was found. Uh, really the first time we looked
Uh, which didn't so it didn't take a whole lot of effort to do this the
Our collaborator sent us cells
We we looked at them with qpcr throughout pastaging found some that were still positive after the second passage and sequenced and then now
I'm just going to be a
Because I didn't sign
A non-disclosure agreement and I didn't take the $8,000 that was offered to me as I left CHD
I don't have any
Obligation not to say anything about what I know the experiment that he's describing here was set up by me
The cells he got are from germany where they were
Transfecting using the transfection, which is the investigational vaccine the lipid nanoparticle the Pfizer product
They were transfecting cell cultures so that they would have control tissue that expressed the spike protein that they could stain and then also
compare to
the tissue of
dead people
to see what the spike protein staining looks like in people who died of
the transfection
And so this material being available was the perfect place to check and see if there was integration
That was my idea
And i'm glad it happened
But we're still kind of in no man's land because it's cancer cells because as he explained the cancer
The the the actual genes of these cells often shatters he says
And so then if there is any nuclear transport of the lipid nanoparticle and the DNA in it or the RNA in it
Then in a cancer cell the integration that occurs might not necessarily be equivalent to any integration that would occur in a healthy cell in your body
That's not dividing
That's not immortal
And so he did say that and he admits that that's a caveat, but it's not
He's definitely using it as evidence for the the possibility, but we already knew
That's the thing we already knew that that possibility was there and we knew there were a whole other host of possibilities
That make it just as bad or worse
And
And so I really believe I really arguing this that this is just a red herring
It's great to call attention to
It's exciting
But the bottom line is is that if you believe that there's DNA in the shot and that that has some significant
Sway and what the outcome was then you believe that if you get rid of it that you can
Adjust the significantly the outcome of a mass
transfection like this
And that may be
Possibly a significant number of adverse events and deaths due to the transfection were actually due to the DNA and that
What I believe is almost certainly a misconception that even if it is
It is a small fraction of what actually hurts everybody
Which could anywhere be from the endotoxin to the spike protein to the to the immune system attacking where the spike protein is two
Antibodies that are formed to the spike protein two antibodies that are formed to who knows what
Anticell memory that's formed to those who knows what's
Self antigens are not
auto antigens
Auto antilipid antigens we are antibodies. We don't know all the possibilities that could occur
With this lipid nanoparticle mRNA transfection technology
Now if it's got DNA in it, that's that's another thing
But it isn't the thing
The thing was at the very beginning when they murdered a bunch of people in America
To make us believe that we had a weird choice to make between a very deadly virus with a fear and cleavage site that was spreading faster than any virus in history
And making people drop dead on the street and in Wuhan
We had to choose between that and an experimental technology that lots of people are telling us are going to be just fine
And it's really, you know, you have RNA and lipids and sugars in your body
So this is nothing that you don't already have it won't hurt you at all
Bang there was a first time we looked we found two integration events
But this doesn't really speak to the due diligence of those that put out these shots doesn't it is astonishing that
We don't have this type of surveillance given how cheap DNA sequencing is now. I mean there are sequencers now on space stations
They're so cheap and portable
That it it's mind-blowing that this isn't getting done in every single lot
You get a loan it didn't get that at all and the genotoxicity studies were
weren't done because they claimed this pure mRNA
Um now that's that's really concerning because if you go through modernist own patents, you can find that they knew about this
They knew that DNA was an ocogenic risk through insertional mutagesis
And they worked hard to invent new techniques to try and get rid of this and then they do have less DNA than Pfizer
Um, so when you start seeing that the the companies have patents that speak to these problems yet the regulators
Won't read those patents to know vin, they'll deny that these things are a problem
There's a massive disconnect going so let's talk about sv 40 because you and I talked about that on chd tv
You found sv 40 in these shots simian virus 40, which I liked what he said there
I liked the fact that he said sequencing is so cheap
I like the fact that he said that because that's a little bit true and a little bit not true
um
You still have to design primers correctly. You still have to run the reaction correctly
You still have to do controls and so they're it's cheap, but it still requires some mastery
It still requires some due diligence and so
Just like with the pcr testing it's very easy to assume that all pcr testing was the same everywhere it definitely wasn't
It's very safe to us. It's very easy to assume rather that all the sequencing and all the different countries is the same and it definitely wasn't
We can't even be sure that the pcr testing occurring in the same city was that was equivalent
If different firms using different products or different machines or different people
And different collection techniques were being used
And so one of the illusions that I think is being protected here when we focus on the dna
Is the illusion that was created by the 250 odd
PCR tests that were rolled out at the beginning of the pandemic to create this illusion of a huge ramp up
of cases
The idea that we had drive up testing and that we were using that as evidence of spread was absurd and
People like kevin mccernan actually should have known that but instead
They published papers which kind of supported the idea of of of pcr just
Objected to the pcr primers that were being used
Suggested that a better protocol could be designed
And here in this interview as I pointed out
He reinforced that pcr was working and that overcycling pcr could give you false positives
When I have been arguing a very different thing
That the background is already hot
And for many of these short amplicons that they say were specific for this
Virus the chances are very good that there were lots of false positives there because the background was hot because these signals were not as unique
As they said they were and that we have no data zero data absolutely
Zero data from before the pandemic about how any of these 250 odd tests would have looked
How many false positives they would get and the only testing we really have
To say that they work is done in perfect laboratory conditions with only one
Pure product to detect
And so sure the primers work in that scenario and sure the primers are specific in that scenario
But that's very different than trying to amplify all of the rna reverse transcribed from a nasal swab
And so these are the kinds of things that I believe
With my whole heart and mind if kevin mccernan wanted to bring this down these are
He would be the only person you'd need to have talk
Because he could summarize across the whole pandemic from the very start what was done wrong
And why these technologies and the fidelity of them was exaggerated
The fidelity of the PCR tests were exaggerated the quality controlling of the PCR tests with non-existent
The lateral flow tests were almost all coming from china. I mean give me a break
None of these
Technologies were adequately quality controlled proven to be
Testing for a new virus and never compared to one another
So the idea that somehow we have real data about how many cases there were from 2020 going forward is absurd
And yet none of that narrative is being tested
Not in that narratives being questioned none of those methodologies are being questioned and the guy who could reveal
The limitations of these methodologies the overextended nature of the biosecurity narrative that we're currently engaged in
This guy's not testing it at all
And he's focused very exclusively on telling mary all about the consequences of the dna in the shot
Darn it
Is known to be associated with cancer, right? Oh, this is
We didn't find the whole virus. The whole virus is about 5,000 bases long
This is as long as the sp40 origin of
40 because you and I talked about that on chdtv
You found sp40 in these shots simian virus 40, which is known to be associated with cancer, right?
So we didn't find the whole virus. The whole virus is about 5,000 bases long
We did find the sp40 origin of replication, which is important. I'll touch on that the sp40 promoter
And the sp40 enhancer and one other piece of it that
Part of the polyase signal those four pieces
But the sp40 enhancer has been published by david dean to be a nuclear targeting sequence
So all the people who are claiming this will never get to the nucleus are really aware that no
There's the sequence in this plasma drives it straight there
The other piece of the operation there is sp40 origin replication
That's a million origin of replication what that means is when that gets into a million cell it starts making more of itself
Uh, so that's I think that's a very important
Risk that the regulators need to consider they have these regulations speaking to nanograms of dna
And they treat all dna is equal
And you can't do that because some dna can amplify when it gets inside of a cell
Therefore the limit that you could allow should be arguably lower for anything that can self amplify
Um, the the regulations are too blind to this
Um now that we have sequencing tools that we have today
That we shouldn't have this
Any any any dna is fine like we have the capacity to read exactly everything that's in there
And we should be a hell of a lot more intelligent about what we allow in the vaccines
And so we should be a hell of a lot more intelligent about what we allow in the vaccine
So another one after another opportunity to say they're just transfections
This is an old technology and we should have done known better to use this in healthy humans
They're not saying that at all. They're saying they're contaminated. They're adulterated. This could have been better
This could have been fixed and a large amount of the downside can be attributed perhaps to the dna in the shots
It's not good. It's it's
We really have got to try and bring more people to understand that
The brood beer perfect version of
Transfection would not be appropriate for your kids and if you're if your grandmother is healthy
Then no transfection is good for her
If your grandmother is working in the garden every day and gets up at five in the morning and reads and then eats two eggs and bacon for
Breakfast and then you know hasn't smoked since she was 18 and
I don't know goes for a walk every morning and and and where's uh tennis shoes that that look
It looks silly because they're bright pink
Well goodness sakes you don't give her a transfection either
And yet that's right now the prevailing narrative that's right now the prevailing target that's right now where these are most appropriate for
The vulnerable the vulnerable
We got to be careful ladies and gentlemen. This is not over yet if we can get some of these people on our team it would be great
So given what you've learned so far
What's next and and do you think that we need to have any immediate changes in policy?
Independent of our findings. I think we need changes of the policy, but in terms of what we have found
Um, I think we have to be screening
Vaccinated biopsies cancer biopsies
Uh, perhaps blood banks like there is concern over okay. We we now have the the blood supply contaminated with this
There's quantitative PCR. We could be using for screening that
Um, there's there's lactating mothers that are concerned that this is in the breast milk shortly after um, I mean think about how the the
Donated blood supply would collapse if if suddenly there was a story where
People who are having cancer if you looked at the cancerous tissue, you could find integration of the spike protein
Uh
RNA sequence in it or maybe sv40 or something. I don't know what we're gonna find. I don't know what he's gonna find
Maybe he'll find nothing and declare it. It's okay
All's well. I don't know
But I want you to see the potential downsides here that go all the way back to the beginning
They murdered americans so that people would take this seriously. They murdered americans
So that people would would comply
So that people would go along with it and take their shot when it was their turn
They murdered americans to do that with protocols with lies and with social changes that allowed all kinds of
causes of death to skyrocket
And then they blamed it all on the novel virus
And it doesn't seem like mary holland and kevin mccurnan are aware
of the
proportion of people and deaths that can't really be attributed to a spreading pathogen
Even though people like denny rancor have been on chd tv a couple times
Even though i'm sure kevin mccurnan knows who he is because i've been talking about denny rancor for at least two years
The first time i put any slides of his in my slide deck was in 2021
So i don't know. I mean everybody should know already
But it seems like nobody can seem to get over that hump
There is a novel virus if killed millions of people millions more were saved it probably came from gain of function and it will come again
There's dna in the shot
After vaccination we had a paper out last week that showed it was in the placenta
So all types of questions are showing up now the crossing paper showed it in heart tissue
So
It's by the bio distribution of these ellen peas are everywhere and it's bringing with it all of this payload
That isn't being well monitored yet. We have we've never been in a better position to be able to sequence all the rna and dna in a vaccine
If we're going to use these platforms, so
I think they do need to have far better transparency on the on the qc
And then what you'll see today in this in this meeting is independent of the dna contamination issues
There is a host of other problems with these vaccines that they should be pulled from the market immediately just over those alone
I think I think the dna contamination is more of a signature a forensic signature of absolute and competent
Think about how easy it would have been to say right there
There's a whole host of other problems that stem from the fact that these are just
Transfections and we knew already a long time ago that transfecting your healthy grandmother or transfecting your healthy child
Or allowing your college aged kid to be transfected multiple times was absurd
But did he say it?
No, he didn't
Listen again, please
It's damning to be able to sequence all the rna and dna in a vaccine if we're going to use these platforms
So
I think they do need to have far better transparency on the on the qc
And then what you'll see today in this in this meeting is independent of the dna contamination issues
There is a host of other problems with these vaccines that they should be pulled from the market immediately just over those alone
I think I think the dna contamination is more of a signature a forensic signature of absolute incompetence
That's going on in the regulatory system now that I like and that just shows itself because it's a very traceable molecule
Thank no, I like I like what he said there. I like that part
That was very nice that the dna signature is really just a sign of their incompetence a sign of what they did
But it's a shortcut that people like kevin mccernan
Who have been in the bio technology space
the bio
pharmaceutical space for decades
Have been making things with plasmid since this inception of the human genome project and understands
How difficult it is to clean those projects up those those products up understands how monoclonal antibodies are made
Is a molecular biological
Methodological genius knows already knew that transfection would be wholly inappropriate for healthy humans
Robert Malone knew that transfection would be wholly inappropriate for healthy humans
Harvey rice should have known that transfection would be wholly inappropriate for healthy humans
And so the fact that these people are complaining that they didn't understand that their biological knowledge was not sufficient that they
Didn't really get the big picture of the immune system well enough to understand that transfection in its greatest best
Purest form wouldn't be appropriate for healthy humans. That's their problem
They have to repent for that they need to atone for that
You can't let them off the hook
They should have known they've been touring the world
They've been going on podcast saying what they know but when why didn't they just say no from the very beginning
These don't belong in healthy humans. Why is it so hard to say that
Unequivocally without caveats or butts or what ifs
Just know
Harvey rice can't say it either
Do so much dr. McCurnan
Dr. McCurnan
Dr. Harvey wish
Professor emeritus of the Yale school of public health. Harvey welcome. Thank you. Great to be with you
So talk to us about what you're going to be saying at this briefing that senator ron johnson's convened
Well, i'm talking about my
Hypothesis about why the vaccines were forced on everybody all over the world
Mostly unnecessary if not all unnecessarily and the reasons why I think uh, we've been through this and a lot of this comes
from
Bobby's book the the Wuhan cover-up book where he
In great detail explained all of the factors that led to the generation of the virus
And and the cover-up over its leakage and but there's more to it that he hasn't gotten to but other people have talked about like Mike bens on tucker
Carlson and others have been talking about this and this is a very important topic right now
So you're going to be focused on why it happened as well as the epidemiology is that right? Well
In my opinion, the vaccines were forced on the population because
Making the virus virus of that bioengineer. There's no questions a man made virus
And the problem with that is that offensive bio weapon development violates the
1975 bio weapons treaty. So all bio weapons research has to be dual use
That means the the virus has to be generated for dual use purposes and the research itself has to be dual use
Now here for the and one of those dual uses could be to establish the illusion of pandemic potential
So that the government could use the illusion the threat of pandemic potential to change the way we were governed
to invert our sovereignty to permissions
to restrict our movement
and to transfect us to use
use
Transfection on the population so that it could be rolled out as a methodology tested and eventually used en masse
Bill Gates is in transfecting his kids and himself
Benjamin Netanyahu is in transfecting his family
Come on ladies and gentlemen, this is a national security priority a national security operation and the people inside of the operation aren't participating
They're watching it happen
They are the ones who are actually in the audience
We are stuck on stage
And we don't know it we think we're out in the street living real life on the internet
Real life on social media and we're not
We're on stage surrounded by scenery and actors
Liars and illusions
And this is nothing more than that
Wittingly or unwittingly these people are participating in this biosecurity illusion
of gain of function viruses
The effectiveness of vaccines the need for vaccines without being able to explain what's really going on
the decades of biological history that underpin this movement
the decades of
Intellectual history that underpin this movement
That have distorted the way that we think about RNA and DNA distorted the way we think about our immune response to any of these challenges
to our environment
It's absolutely atrocious where we are right now
And if I didn't think I would get sued by this person
I would play a recording that I have of him
An absolute fool of himself
He didn't know the word
Transfection when I spoke to him and he told me that covid is still a very serious virus because
Despite being double vaccinated and using hydroxychloroquine in a prophylactic way
He still got infected by covid for a third time and it was two weeks of terrible illness
So you better darn well respect the virus says harvey rice
Oh, yeah, he took ivermectin too after he got infected and it still was two weeks of horrible
It's the most comical
Recording of this man i've ever found
So insistent and you know what my response was well, wow, I guess
hydroxychloroquine the two shots and ivermectin don't do anything for you
So what do you really know?
What do you really understand about what's going on if everything that you believe was proved wrong in the story
You just told i guess hydroxychloroquine doesn't work prophylactically
I guess ivermectin doesn't really shorten the duration of the disease
I guess two shots doesn't stop you from getting infected either because this is your third infection
And now he wants you to believe that it was forced on you for some
Biosecurity reason but not not lied about
And so here we have again a little twist and turn and bait and switch
Making it much more complicated that it needs to be ockham's razor is not in anybody's pocket here
i'll tell you that much right now complicated stories with lots of moving parts that involve lots more
Crazy mythologies nutty biology crazy possibilities instead of just liars
See that's the whole thing it's just liars if you just see that it's liars then we don't need any of this magic
We don't need any of this mythology stop lying
That's the whole point
It's a
Bioweapon virus gets out of the lab and it's not dual use
It proves that all that research was was fraud that it was violating the law
So in order to offset that problem it has to be shown to be dual use
The only way you can show something to be dual use is if there's a vaccine
So the vaccine had to come out even though it what the research was shoddy
It was done, you know in a very rapid fashion a year later a year too late
Yeah, you can understand a vaccine for for a pandemic has to be out before the pandemic
Right not a year into it that that's absurd
So but in any event
So the vaccine had to be out for the public theater to show that there was a dual use in the first place
So so the vaccine then becomes part of the cover up of the bioweapons league is that accurate exactly?
Wow, I mean
Mary's got it. Well done. She's smarter than me. I don't understand harvey
I don't get what he means the vaccine came too late. It's got to come before the pandemic
But I mean we have video after video of them saying that they wanted an am monoclonal antibody cocktail within 60 days
They wanted a vaccine within 60 days a vaccine with an that I don't I don't see that
It doesn't have to come before the pandemic. They showed the time frame
The virus can be detected before the pandemic even kicks off
Lockdowns can slow down the peak of the pandemic
What is he talking about?
And so the epidemiologist is not going to talk at all about epidemiology
He's just going to wax intellectual about his theory that
Biosecurity state had to cover up a bioweapon by rolling out a vaccine that didn't work or something like that
What in the hell is going on here?
How is this person speaking in front of the senate?
Why was this person in romania
in november of 2023
I mean seriously we got nothing better than professor of emeritus of yale school of public health
I
Man, oh man, I'm just I'm just I can't believe it. I know it's hard to believe it
But it's for me. It's really hard to believe that we are here
It really is
Hi
I just have been watching the the tucker karlson michael ben's interview, which I think is profound about what's really been happening
That's two tucker karlson's in a row
All of these forces going on outside of public awareness
Is is nefarious. That's tucker karlson. I've plugged again
So now we're talking about censorship and and and government controlling the narrative on social media yada yada yada yada
They're plugging tucker karlson again the liar
Tucker
Tucker karlson the liar. I don't know what else to say. I know lots of people like him, but he's a liar
And he does the bidding of the state he moved to twitter because that's what they needed him to do
Because they needed more narrative control on twitter because they needed to get him off box because he was starting it
It was too much for there
Something like that. I don't know what their deal is
But he's definitely a liar
If i'm invited to be on tucker's show, I won't go
If I was invited on alix jones's podcast, I wouldn't go
And if I went on joe rogan's podcast there wouldn't be a podcast because I would start out by saying you know all these people are liars
Right
Wait, dude. We can't have this podcast. This isn't gonna work. All right. Well roll one up then because this is all I got to say
That's how long the joe rogan podcast would be with me
Because I would want to start out with the obvious part that they murdered people in order to get this to work
And they lied about it and they continue to lie about it
It is a spectacular commitment to lies that allows the professor emeritus harvey rice the epidemiologist to not mention at all
There's no epidemiological data evidence of spread
For him to go in front of the senate and not talk at all about all cause mortality
I
Mean that's that's when you see it clearly. What are we doing here?
What kind of clown show is this?
We're gonna go to the next slide need harvey. We've been back
I loved in your in your remarks. You said that that that that bringing home to people
Really how serious and grave and outrageous the situation is particularly in the vaccine adverse event reporting system
Would you tell us more about that?
Yeah, well the two things
It's it's been three or four years. Oh, so I hope that it's already clear
She started out Jessica rose fact fact fact and that in her presentations. She said fact fact tech
This is dr. Jessica rose. I see she's only got one of her four monikers here
She's an immunologist a computational biologist a molecular biologist and also a virologist
Sometimes she also says
um
Like applied mathematician too. So there's lots of hats that she can wear today. She's wearing immunologist
And she said fact fact fact now interestingly enough
Jessica rose was also in
Romania in November of
2023 where she also saw the presentation of
Denny Rancor and also
Took a selfie with Denny Rancor, but in her list of fact fact fact fact she never said that there is no
Epidemiological evidence of spread
Fact there's no there are many borders that that the virus apparently couldn't cross fact
the viral deaths were correlated with with things like poverty instead of
You know where it should have been maybe with age or something like that these facts
from the data
which were first sort of
Illuminated by by Denny Rancor as early as 2020. We're not part of her list of facts
It's an important thing to note
I
Looking into this data and it's pretty irrefutable what it's showing and this is CDC data. It's their own data
um
And it's time to stop trying to prove like to convince people of what's going on because it's so evident
It's time to just start stating it is fact
And I I can't remember who remarked on it today, but um
It's absolutely true. I think it was Brett
That we as scientists don't talk like that unless some things kind of
Up like we don't say this is a fact in science
But you can be more comfortable doing that in data, but I've never done that before but
It's repeats for years of today. What are the key facts that our viewers may know, but need to know well
Two things off the top of my head the magnitude of the
The input into theirs, which is the vaccine adverse event recording system in the context of the covid shots is off the scales in comparison to the last 30 years
And it's not only the magnitude of the reports
It's the range of pipes of adverse events which speaks to the comprehensiveness of the damages that we're seeing clinically
And what she should if she wanted to integrate across this jessica if you're watching
What you should say here is that these this huge bouquet
this
swath of
Of effects from the virus. I'm sorry
The effects from the transfection that are codified in the bears system that you have been investigating for the last three years
Speaks to the danger of transfection
It speaks to the wide ranging
Possibilities that are all downsides of transfecting healthy people
And jessica has talked to me on my stream. She's talked to me on other streams
We used to be in steve kersha steering committee together. We've had lots of zoom meetings
She knows this she should know this if she's an immunologist computational biologist virologist
Applied mathematician and molecular biologist. She should know this
And it should be exactly what she says here
Not just that these are evidence that people are getting heard, but they're evidence that all of this stuff
Was already known it was going to happen. They knew that because transfection is inappropriate in healthy humans. How long?
three seconds
three seconds would it take to say the reason why there are so many is because people like michael yeden and
Jonathan cooey and
And and and peter makala all said very early on that this was going to cause a whole host of problems because you can't express
Foreign protein in a healthy human and expect it not to go wrong
Why not say that
Why make it so difficult why make it so detailed, you know that they don't those don't matter anymore
it's extraordinary
gonna go back a little bit
of the
The input into veers, which is the vaccine adverse event recording system in the context of the covid shots is off the scales in comparison to the last 30 years
And it's not only the magnitude of the reports
It's the range of pipes of adverse events
Which speaks to the comprehensiveness of the damages that we're seeing clinically
So it's leaves rustling in the wind
Yeah, it's leaves rustling in the wind that say that it was criminally negligent to ever transfect anyone
And that needs to be said
That everybody with a biology degree should have known
And it seems so inconsistent as you're saying with anything that we've ever called a vaccine before it seems much more consistent with what we've always called a poison
Yeah, well, um
They're not vaccines by any stretch of the imagination say it or definition say it's our lipid nanoparticles carrying
Genetic material. They're transfections. You know probably more recently. We've discovered it doesn't just contain modified mRNA
Tanes DNA, which comes with an entire boatload of additional problems
And it's been written off as not a problem
Yeah
So what what what to head for you in in doing research on this Jessica
backing up
Anybody who wants me to
From any point of view that I can immunologically
Iochemically molecular biology math stats, whatever
I'm just going to be a support system as I have been I don't plan on launching any new things myself at the time
um
And hopefully I'm going to catch some more words soon
Is there anything else you want to tell us
Just thanks for everything that you do the diligence. Thanks for being here
Not not just witnessing risk for reporting on it. I I have a
I haven't been to one of these ever in my life
and
I just feel that this one is different from the other one somehow like we've we've reached a
boiling point
I think that's right. It was quite uh, it was four hours that was action-packed to be well
I think there were 27 speakers and senator johnson and it was every dimension of this and
The people who are speaking who are really speaking out of
Outrage and immediacy. We we have to turn this around now. There's not a lot of waiting time
There's no doubt about that. I I think we are at a critical point and
one thing I would have liked to have said if I had any general closing remarks, I I can say them here is
To anyone who thinks that you should underestimate the seriousness of the problem we have right now globally
Um rethink because we're we're in the sh it like we really are and we
For anyone who watched this hearing today
We had belgium israel canada united states germany
Romania forgive me for who i'm missing we're coming together because we have to we have a shared problem and we need to
We need to give anything. Uh, we may be underestimating the scope of the horror. Yeah, we're we're we can't it's hard to overstate it
But that's okay because uh, you know, there's still some optimism now. There there was this thing
Um, that happened
I'm gonna switch back here quick
And there was this uh thing that happened at some point in that four-hour stream that I did
About the senate hearing where I said why are we having so many foreigners speak?
Why are all these white people speaking? We went around the world to bring white men to speak in front of the senate
And and some people didn't really appreciate that remark. It was like three hours in and i'm not
I'm not here to apologize for that remark that remark was meant to provoke something
because
in the senate
Where american laws are written and where american laws can be changed
Where the voting american public is represented
I think we have a very limited need for foreigners to be present and to testify as to what happened around the world
Although it's fine if you think that those people were valuable
But I would suggest to you it's just as strange that we've had groups of americans the same more or less group of americans touring the world
Old
Stockholm
Italy
Costa Rica. I don't know where they all go. Maybe it wasn't Costa Rica
You know cruises off the coast of turkey
These things all happened
And why are these americans these same americans spending so much time courting
The narrative in other countries controlling the narrative leading the charge in other countries
Aren't you at least kind of suspicious why these americans are on world tours and it's all the same americans
The ones with deep long connections to the thing we're supposed to be fighting
I don't know if anybody who's given a presentation in front of the who should be trusted
Is that crazy?
And yet here we are
A
Whole senate presentation organized by the presentations selected by a person who gave a presentations in front of the who
And nobody's batting an eyelash at it
A guy who is as deeply connected as to be best buddies with david home
I mean how much more connected can you be than that?
That he's claimed in an interview
Side-by-side with with steven hat fill that he was vetted for possibly heading up science
at us amort
and now he's allowed to organize a
COVID discussion
That's supposed to be meaningful
That's supposed to have some value for our grandchildren. I'm sorry, but that's that's not what happened here
I
I'm delighted to introduce dr. Brett Weinstein
With the dark horse podcast evolutionary biologist now a fellow at the brownstone institute
Just here participating in the briefing that senator johnson convene welcome. Thank you
So
So you uh the the tagline for this briefing was what are they hiding?
And I believe you started your remarks with
They're hiding everything we know i'm pretty sure that during the course of my stay at the at children's health defense more than once
either a donor connected to Brett Weinstein or
Yeah as something like that
Contacted chd to say that jonathan cooey is saying bad things about Brett Weinstein and you should make him stop
Can't make those things up
That happened
Christine grace actually also sent a couple letters or emails to mary holland saying that jay was
Slandering her and disparaging her online and that he should be rained in and stopped
And there were others
But Brett's one in particular that I remember very well because I find it funny now
That just like that after I was laid off my my position was ended in on january 4th
And I was offered eight thousand dollars and a non-disclosure agreement
Here we have Brett Weinstein being interviewed by the president of children's health defense at the senate
It's fun. It's fun times
It's really really fun times and i'm sure that everybody that really understands what's going on is also going to label me now as an obvious medler
Obviously right from the back of my garage with a green screen
And a computer and 3,000 followers on twitch. I'm the medler
It couldn't possibly be any of these people
So
I wonder if she's going to ask him why she didn't play why he didn't play bobby's
interview from
November of 2021 until February of
I wonder if she'll ask him that
I wonder if she'll ask him about his dad
and uh
And
His dad's relationship with bobby's dad
Was it good? Was it long? Did you have a barbecue with him?
You know, are they going to ask any of that? Nah, probably not either
This is pretty much just a promotion of him
profession of professor of evolutionary biology where
At what university does he hold this prestigious title
At least you could just put phd or something but professor of evolutionary biology. I don't think so
Say a little bit more about that. Well, um, yeah, I they are hiding everything
And
What I mean by that is that they are sabotaging all of the mechanisms that we would normally use to figure out what's true
And that sounds like a wild exaggeration, but it isn't the fact is it's not even just a an attack on the university system
It's an attack on every single university. The research done there is low quality
Not repeatable and so what he wants you to believe is that the university system is twisted but him
He's fine and actually he's the one you should turn to
The university of Austin is somebody you should turn to
The brownstone institute is somebody you should turn to and now they've made him a fellow. I wonder how much money they give him
Do they give him any money? Gosh, I hope they don't
I mean seriously if the brownstone institute gives out fellowships and the fellowships have any money at all
I
Mean man. Oh man. Why give it to this guy
How can this possibly be?
I think you know the answer
There is a controlled limited spectrum of debate. These people are being placed to control it
They have been placed
To control it. They will continue to control it and anybody that happens to jump in the boat and rock the boat a little bit
Will get thrown immediately out. It doesn't matter
What kind of integrity you have what books you help with what citations you you contribute
It doesn't matter what you do if you rock this boat of the novel virus
If you rock this boat where nobody's talking about the childhood vaccine schedule
All these people are saying wow children's health defense is so great. We love what you guys do
What exactly do you do?
What exactly does children health defense do? Why can't anybody say it?
Children's health defense
What do they do? Do they oppose the childhood vaccine schedule?
Do they believe that all intramuscular injection of combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb or not?
What are they actually doing?
Why aren't they praising
The green book the vax unvax book. Why don't they say that wow children's health defense
You sure put out a whopper with that book that thing is fantastic brian hooker is a hero
Why is it just always we love what you guys are doing support the organization you guys are great
Wow, you're just you're just awesome calling attention to all these things what things
The childhood vaccine schedule should we stop it? Should we pause the childhood vaccine schedule until it's evaluated?
Objectively
Should we impose strict liability on pharmaceutical products? Is that something that children's health defense advocates for?
I can't tell what's going on here
But it doesn't seem to be a very good representation of children's health defense and what they're doing
She opened by plugging another nonprofit called the center for
security studies or security policy
And then that guy plugged maryll nasa's new anti who doors to freedom
non-profit
There's a lot of weird
conflicts of interest
Coming from the president of children's health defense here
And we're not being very clear taking this opportunity to say what children's health defense does and why they do it
Or is it now really transforming into this amorphous health freedom
And just some kind of big top 10 where everybody can have a booth
But we don't really take any particular stance on anything
We just want to be health freedom and we want everybody to be able to say what they want to say
That is a disaster
We need children's health defense to step up right now and take firm stances on things
We need children's health defense to stand on firm ground and say things that people can understand and restate and digest
We need people who can speak clearly not people like Brett Weinstein
And yet here they are promoting the liar Tucker Carlson promoting the intellectual dark web
Member and founding member maybe Brett Weinstein
And we're going to overlook the fact that the president of
children's health defense came to Brett Weinstein's podcast in the 21 of November to give a
Brilliant three-hour interview in Brett's own house and Brett didn't release it until February of 23
We're going to ignore the fact that Brett Weinstein was not
For Bobby when Bobby spoke in front of of the streets or the the square in Berlin in October of 2020
He did not support that he was pro mask. He was pro lockdown. He was pro hard lockdown
And Bobby was saying ignore all of it. You see the problem here
Did we forget that that happened? Apparently we did
We don't have much time to wake up ladies and gentlemen
We don't have much time to wake up. We are being given false false saviors
fake
Resistance
This is not really questioning the foundation of public health. It's not really questioning the foundation of of alipathic medicine
This is just this is just mealy mouth
Limited spectrum of debate gnome Chomsky style
Well, the lessons taught there are actually in large measure not even true anymore things that are verifiably false are taught as if they are true
Um our regulatory agencies work exactly in reverse
They protect regulators from from citizens not the other way around
So something is attacking all of the mechanisms in civilization
That are supposed to seek the truth and act upon it and that's not a coincidence
So I think you also concluded your mark saying we need to save the west which is a pretty profound statement
Tell us what you mean by that
Well, so I defined the west a little differently than other people. I define it in a way that I think
Uh is maybe a lesson to it but more natural. I would say the west is
the agreement what aside our
lineage level differences and to collaborate with anybody who
Has something that they bring do you understand how unhelpful this is when we are standing in the american senate where american laws are written
And american laws can be changed where the votes of american people are supposed to be
Sort of influencing how we move forward as a country
Do you know how ridiculous it is for him to be talking in these very unspecific terms about the west and saving it?
We are in the midst of a car crash. There is an oak tree coming
And he's talking about car crashes in general
And how in general you can avoid car crashes. We're in one right now
We need to hit the brakes and turn the steering wheel right now
You're sitting in the driver's seat the senate of the us government and you have decided to talk about other car crashes
And car crashes in general hypothetical car crashes
That's what we're dealing with here. We are being bamboozled. We are being actively bamboozled and we're supposed to watch this through our screens
Through our phones and think something meaningful is happening when it's not and we've got to put actual
We've got to call it what it is
These people are performing they've been performing for four years
And so far none of the people that I see here are people that I trust
And it's because they have not earned it
Because they're unable to
Tell the whole story because they've been focused on the same damn thing for four years
How is it possible that somebody who claims to have a degree in immunology computational biology applied mathematics
Immunology molecular biology and and and and biochemistry
Is so hyper focused on veers and still can't seem to call transfection what it is
Kill still hasn't taught a basic immunology done in a basic immunology lecture or a basic immunology series on sub stack
What's going on?
How can you not see it?
Joking around about about surfing
This is a person who apparently is an israeli citizen and a canadian citizen
And has spent about half of her time in these two places boy suffering a lot. I wonder what job she lost speaking out against veers
Oh wait, nothing
She's never had a tenure track position. She's never been at a university and tried to make it as a scientist
I don't know what she's doing, but she's got nato on her funding list
And her first few papers are virology papers
That's why she's not usefully questioning anything if she has the background to do it because
It's not her job
It's also not her job to call out these childhood vaccines
That the whole vaccine schedule in america is bunk
It's not her job to say that so she's definitely not going to do it
Even though she's got a show on chd she's not going to do it
Just like mary doesn't do it
I
One time she could say yeah, the primary focus is the vaccine schedule
We're trying to call attention to it
And the the covid vaccine is just the latest iteration in this and we've got to be very careful as we move forward nothing zero zip
Stop lying
Come on guys. You got to see it for what it is
The table is worth collaborating with so that is such a powerful idea
It is so productive that it has created an incredibly vibrant society
Here in the u.s
But it has also become contagious and it has spread throughout the world because once people see how dynamic and productive a system that is
They want to participate
And that system is now in grave jeopardy
It is falling apart because we've become obsessed with
Ways in which it is imperfect which is a terrible mistake
but even worse because the
the
Democratic structure at the heart of it consent of the governed is under attack by something that is uncomfortable with the idea that we should have
power over our own future
Why not just say liars?
Because people are spectacularly committed to a lie or a series of lies
They're not saying it because this is a limited spectrum of debate that's not supposed to free us
So another term that you used and i've heard you use is called the cartesian crisis
Would you explain to us what you mean by that?
Sure, it's a little a little arcane, but
I use it because rene decarp
Had a kind of crisis when he realized that there were a great many things that he understood to be factually true
But that he had established essentially none of them itself
And that meant that there was reason to doubt that he where he thought he was somebody who was based in fact
He was really taking a lot on authority
And this resulted in him ultimately trying to establish that he could say anything was factual
And that's where we get the famous proof cardido ergo soon. I think therefore I am
Right now. I don't think that's a very good proof of anything because um, but nonetheless
It's a very important
Yeah, because it allows us to go on and do important things
But the reason I say cartesian crisis is because we are now in the nightmare
That rene decarp feared he might be in where all of the things that he thought were factual might not even be correct and
Because our
Our truth seeking apparatus has been under such intense attack
We don't know what's true
Some things that are very easy to establish this amount of difficult scientific question to figure out whether or not
mRNA vaccines cause turbo cancers
That's a very straightforward scientific problem
But we are nonetheless left to grapple with anecdote because to the extent that there are studies they're likely to be
set up to sail and
The rest is anecdote. So we are left to make sense of the world without the most obvious basic tools without
Anything that flows to us from the enlightenment and that is indeed a very dangerous predicament
Uh, rather than of course characterizing it as we are up against and arguing with people who are our liars
Are spectacularly committed to a lie
And so by obfuscating that simple fact it makes it very difficult for people to engage in useful resistance
That's that's what this guy does
in a nutshell
It's exactly what what arthur asked in the chat like what what what in the f is he saying?
He's saying way more than he needs to say when you could just say that
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and these people are
Spectacularly committed to the lie
Done zero zip none of that is here
We don't do anything simple because it's not the point the point is to have
The illusion of a very vigorous debate inside of this limited spectrum of understanding
It's got to be a very vigorous debate. That's why he's got to talk like that
It's an illusion
So anything else you'd like any other hopeful notes you like to say to the chd audience?
Well, yeah, okay. I'll end on a hopeful note, and I truly believe this
And
In evolution we talk about something called the adaptive landscape
It's a metaphor that helps us understand some subtle processes and evolution and the idea is
that opportunities are
Peaks on this adaptive landscape and there are valleys that keep you from going from a low peak to a higher one
Now that the important thing to realize is that
We have to leave the peak. We're on this is not a sustainable place
We can't run a society this way which means that we will have to go through an adaptive valley
So to the extent that people see things is very very dark. They're not imagining it
But that's inevitable. There's no guarantee that we get through the adaptive valley
Please understand that this is a complete reveal
This is a jackpot right here
My argument has been that since
2017 already Brett Weinstein was being placed with this evergreen thing
placed on social media to have some
Alternative stance on things to have some alternative presence on things
And then him and his brother and joe rogan a bunch of other people started coordinating bros with shows
Until they had a little presence and in 2019 they had a presence
And on his eighth podcast
He agreed with sam heres that when the real pandemic comes when 70 percent of the people are being killed by a virus
That we won't have time for these anti-vaxxers
And that was by design
Because Brett Weinstein is keen on the fact that we can't run the planet like this
Brett Weinstein is keen on the fact that there are too many people
And so we're going to have to do something the ruling class is going to have to make some decisions
He sounds like the club of roamed guy right here
Make no mistake about it
He's using this opportunity to reveal that he essentially is absolutely and totally on board
With whatever peter teal elon musk and all the other
Billionaires in the world have in store for us as they slowly ramp the population down
To whatever they think the carrying capacity is of the earth
And meanwhile try to take all the generational wealth they can away from us
And convert our children to medical experiments as we are
Slowly ramped down over a couple generations
That's what's happening here and his family is probably in on it
He's probably part of that elite group or sure as hell wants to be
And he's admitting it right here because we are at a peak
In civilization in the adaptive landscape and we can't stay on this peak forever. We're going to have to go through a valley
Which I guess will be the civil war that starts
after the
election goes south and the
Immigrants on every street corner in our big cities are are are given the signal to burn everything
Then I guess that's where we'll be and he will be on this internet
Thing trying to calm us down and be part of whatever the ruling class wants him to do
Listen to this so carefully so that you can hear what I just heard
Something called the adaptive landscape. It's a metaphor that helps us understand some subtle processes and evolutions
And the idea is that
Opportunities are peaks on this adaptive landscape and there are valleys that keep you from going from a low peak to a higher one
Now that the important thing to realize is that
We have to leave the peak. We're on this is not a sustainable place
We can't run a society this way which means that we will have to go through an adaptive valley
So to the extent that people see things is very very dark. They're not imagining it
But that's inevitable
There's no guarantee that we get through the adaptive valley
But the fact that it's dark is not evidence that we should turn around and go back up the hell we came from we can't
That's not a long-term plan. We can't
Yeah, the the wonderful thing is
All of the there's no going back to letter jackets and and prom dates
There's no going back to
Not sleeping with anybody until you're married. There's no going back to they're just being
Gay and straight and everything else is you know, maybe you should talk to your doctor about it
There's not going back to you know private lives and public lives. We're going back
Sexuality is never going back. These things are never going backwards according to him
So how much what conservative values does he have
Because I would like to go back
I'd like to go back to high school basketball games
I'd like to go back to high school dances. I would like to go back to raising our children with teachers that teach subjects
And that are afraid to have relationships with their students beyond that subject because it's inappropriate
And
Instead we are moving at a at light speed from whatever peak we are on to whatever valley
We are being led to by these people
A valley of confusion and doubt and fear and uncertainty
And we don't have to go there
We can all log off of twitter right now. We can all log off of facebook right now. We can all
Just stop
But we can't
We could
but we can't
And so we need places to go. We need to get through this critical mass where we are
decentralized
Get rid of these people and these apps these these networks
We've got to face it. We can't look for someone to save us. We're going to have to save ourselves
And even if you think about saving yourself what you're really doing is is is saving yourself spiritually
We need to reawaken that
That understanding in all of us
The reverence for for the natural world the reverence for the sacred
respect for privacy
The definition of what class is
Like not class like like upper class and lower class but class like having class
I don't even know how many kids at my kids school would be able to define it like my kids could define what class is
For my basketball team having class is when you get a foul called on you you don't go what you raise your hand
That's having class
You knock somebody down on the court you pick them up if you block somebody's shot you don't flex in front of them you walk
Nobody's got that anymore. Nobody cares about that anymore
It's fine to lie
In order to get ahead
It's fine to fake it until you make it on social media
How many people that we follow right now are faking it until they make it
Because none of my papers on pub met or fake
My job at the University of Pittsburgh wasn't fake
My
Captain in the us Navy boss
At the University of Pittsburgh isn't fake
My bike ride to where Binglu died wasn't fake
My belief that there was a a a lab leak wasn't fake
But my also my belief that natural immunity to previous RNA signals of this nature previous
Pathogen associated molecular patterns or damage associated molecular patterns was going to be more than sufficient
To protect us from whatever they claimed this was
In
2020 the fact of the matter is I was ahead of almost everybody I knew except for Mike Eden
Knut with Kowski and and and Wolfgang Wodach
And those are the people that pulled me forward to where I was basically if I wasn't already there
I believed much more after I saw what they were saying and heard how they said it
But
Like it or not I had the requisite
Biology and the requisite reading skills to read myself in to figure that out on my own by May of 2020
And I said it very clearly to members of the worst case scenario team
That I was streaming with for five weeks straight
What if we're just mistreating people with protocols that killed
And
We're testing on a hot background. So there's actually nothing there. We're just engaged in a great big
great big confusing ridiculous
Psychological operation more than anything else and that's really where we are
That's still being denied here not being debunked here by by professor of evolutionary biology
People with integrity and capacity have all been antagonized by the same enemy
We're all on the same team at this point and being on the same team with all of those people
With who have all of this insight and courage and integrity
That's exactly the team you want
It's the right team for us to head into the adaptive valley and find the peak on the other side because frankly the futures depending
The adaptive valley and the future on the other side. I love it. Thank you so much
I
Here we go senator ron johnson will he at least say something my distinct honor to introduce senator johnson who just held this remarkable
Briefing with 26 27 experts and people speaking about what's been going on in covet talk to us about that
Well, this is an interesting event because in the past we've really focused on
The medicine and the medical research and then the you know
What the what the vaccines are how they are supposed to work
How we relied to about them how they can cause harm that type of thing
And we had an opportunity here with the international crisis summit coming here to seepak and bring you a lot of people so
um, organ with dr. Malone we we
Got a panel of people to talk about more of the wine
And how how did this happen?
And really the consensus is there is an elite group of people operating
Within governments within non-governmental organizations
That are controlling the narrative. Nobody can really point to exactly who's running it who's controlling it, but it's happening
And the censorship is profound. It's damaging
It's destructive. It's being orchestrated by the vice administration now if we're having a using the analogy of a a tug of war here
Or we're using the analogy of the train being started and stopped by people pretending to do so
It really appears as though ron johnson is just fooled
He thinks that that robert malone has
There's no conflicts of interest there
There's no reason to believe that that guy might be playing for the other team the team that he says we can't identify that we can't figure out
There is someone out there
There's someone some entity out there that's in different governments. It's working against us that that brought this upon us
But he doesn't seem to be able to consider the possibility that those people were in the room with him
Some of them were wittingly or unwittingly on that other team that he's describing that I would say is like
Peter teal and elon musk and bill gates and all of the other rich people in the world
The billionaires are faking rivalries between each other
That
That's the main thing that occurs here
I don't doubt that billionaires call ron johnson and and say things into his ear that make ron johnson believe that they're fighting when they're not
And so it's not
Surprising that in the end we have somebody like robert malone still able to organize the entire list of
speakers at a senate event
But it shows you that we are not going to get free until we change that
We're not going to get free until somebody like senator ron johnson understands the the breadth and the depth of the theater that's going on here
It's not it's it's somewhere between the sabotaging of a large tug of war
with a few people pretending to pull
It's somewhere between that and a full on train stopping theater
Like i've used a lot of times where people are pretending to do things and they're not necessary at all
And ron johnson doesn't appear to be aware of the fact that the biosecurity state
And the billions if not trillions of dollars that it represents would be very willing
To lie about pandemic potential in order to gain the control over the whole
Of the globe for the next foreseeable future multiple generations even so of course they would lie about it
We we owe that we got that okay, uh, and we also know that people are really spreading disinformation misinformation
Is the government and the cold and cartel? Yeah, um, not not the people that we
Have had in our panels that are just providing a different perspective and you have different
Uh a different narrative. Yeah
And second opinion and that's
I think so what i'm arguing is and I think that this is a very valid argument is that we don't
I don't know who in that room is part of it, but people in that room are definitely part of it as
As I heard, um malcom x say one time at the start of a speech
inevitably
Um, there are friends and there are also enemies in every big crowd
And in this room that's group of people that was assembled by robert melon
There are almost certainly people who are working against america
To make sure that our children are indeed successfully converted into experimental subjects
And so our children cannot be allowed to understand that the vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise
They cannot be allowed to understand that that
Transfection being rolled out in the way that it was was criminally negligent and that doctors
Thousands and thousands of doctors and thousands and thousands of academic biologists did or should have known better
We're not there. We're not even close because this is
a completely
Controlled debate it is a limited spectrum of debate with lots of fireworks inside of it
But nothing actually happening with regard to speaking to the fact that americans were murdered for this to happen
Nobody's saying it not even senator ron johnson will say it mary's not going to say it one thing
I I pointed out that i've learned during combatives
It is amazing how much mankind has learned the knowledge we've acquired over the millennia
But keeping that in mind what we don't know
Vastly I mean vastly exceeds what we do know
So as we pursue the truth
We need to pursue with that
Humility in mind. I mean of that reality. I love that at the very beginning of the briefing
You said we have to pursue all of this with humility
We we don't know the one thing that we are not pursuing is the possibility. Oh, sorry. This is ron johnson again
So one of the things that we are not pursuing is the possibility that the gain of function
Mythology that we have been
Tricked into absorbing as a result of the mystery of the novel virus
And all of the drama associated with that cover up
That we're not questioning the foundations of this anymore and we're not questioning the foundations of public health
Which is the horrible
Criminal vaccine schedule in america the one that when compared to all other vaccine schedules
It becomes very very obvious that it's ridiculous
And it cannot be real
And so how is it that the president of children's health defense that knows that
Should know that better than anyone is not saying it in any of these opportunities
When they can characterize the the work of children's health defense, they're bringing awareness
They have a big top tent of of health freedom, but they have no specific goals or message anymore
Now do you know why I was laid off from chd because they don't like to have me in a meeting
Saying this like why aren't we going for the throat yet
Why wasn't chd having a conference in georgia saying that look the vaccine schedule's criminal
That's how we're going to start with it. Now. We're going to have these other people speak and they're going to
Support that idea. No, it was much more confused than that
Put together by somebody with their own nonprofit who then booked everybody in that conference
From her nonprofit
And so that's chd and all of those beautiful people and all of that beautiful energy being undermined
By the organizers of their own conference
And
Now I don't think I have to fill in any blanks for who those organizers were or who they were hired by it wasn't it wasn't brian hooker
Brian hooker didn't pick any of those speakers as far as I understand it
Think about that the chief scientific officer of children's health defense
Has not consulted about who should speak at a children's health defense conference
During a critical time point in the pandemic
And instead the organizer decided to have all of the members of her own steering committee of her own nonprofit be the speakers
And she was paid to organize that conference which is crazy because she was paid to organize that conference by chd
And then all those people came there and raised money for themselves instead of chd
And there wasn't even a message about what chd stands for like the a you know
criminal vaccine schedule
That's chd being undermined
And all the good energy and all the people in chd being essentially hamstrained
Because the good that they want to do the message that they want to send isn't being sent
And
The bold stance that they should and want to take that many and most of the people that actually have
Any skin in the game like an injured child want chd to take they're not going to take that stance
Why
Because brian hooker is not in charge
Because brian hooker didn't even get to pick one speaker for the chd conference in georgia last year not one
And
There are people who's responsible for that
That's how this works ladies and gentlemen, that's why
Chd is where they are and not farther along because there are people that are actively undermining their progress
And keeping us locked in
On things that actually are very supportive of the current status quo
the current crisis the current confusion
And the current new paradigm
Or what I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain read what I do
I go to demoy
Ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen. I have nothing against demoy and I live there for four years
I go to demoy. I infect a couple of sentinel cases in demoy
I go to seattle. I infect a couple of cases there
I go to north carolina
I go to wisconsin
What i'm doing is i'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition
These individuals complain again. This is a central nervous system condition
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms
And then what I do the real bug that I use
Is the internet
I take attribution for that. Yes. I'm a terrorist group
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x y and z
These people are really sick with this
But then I say others who are also infected will show subdromal
predrome signs of lethality and what that will be is anxiety
sleeplessness
agitation
What i've now done is i've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal
And i've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door
The cdc comes back and says nonsense. That's not real. I come back and say that's fake news
And as a consequence of doing that what I do is I create a schism
Between the polis and the public health system
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government
Now I would suggest that this list is updated better now
So i'm going to read it really quick
I have military response with the ability to drive local mass casualty events
This is really what jessica hocket has been working on
And other people from panda have been zeroing in on in italy and elsewhere
And I think it's very important to understand that it looks more like mass casualty events that didn't spread
They happened very rapidly
As many as 20,000 people are supposed to die between three weeks and four weeks in new york city
We don't know where these bodies are. We don't know these names
We never saw any full trucks or anything like that. So this is just all nonsense right now and unsubstantiated yet
These numbers were used to extrapolate the worst case scenario and predict it
They co-opted and pre-selected a group of narrative controllers on media social media
People like Brett Weinstein and sam heris were pre positioned
They didn't have to know that a pandemic was coming
But why on earth would sam heris say anything like that so fortuitously in december of 2019
That when the next pandemic comes and 70 percent of the people are dying that we won't be able to tolerate anti-vaxxers anymore
That wasn't random and you can't see it as random
A combination of background signal and nonspecific test is spread
This is something that the panda summary that they recently put out jumps on top of this is the something that I said first
In may of 2020
Not because I figured it out all by myself
But because this was what made sense given the biology that we were experiencing that we were told and that was previously recorded before the pandemic
They use the island nations to demonstrate that lockdowns work
Because they also didn't roll out testing there that was a specific and now people are going to argue
That no, they were testing and there was no virus in australia. Well, then they used a test that worked
And the idea that the testing was the same everywhere around the world is just an absurd
Assumption
That no one should be making because in america alone there were 250 different tests
Come on guys
We've got to wake up and when people push dumb ideas like that when people say oh, yeah
But they were testing in australia and there was no positive tests
You just have to slap those people down as being ridiculous because you are taking the data from the state and accepting it at face value
When we have already established that they will lie to win
They will lie to govern us
In fact lies are part of the standard modus of veranda at veranda when they do these kinds of operations
He just told you
The financial and legal incentive to call covid complicated things
The coordinated propaganda campaign to drill the worst case scenario was extremely important and most of these people were involved in it in one way or another
The
Once you started orchestrating the acceptance of the transfection to come by blaming these crazy things
On the s1 or on the furin cleavage site or on the hib inserts
You started to confound and to confuse people to
Think that the virus was capable of amazing things that in reality those amazing things
the jessica rose talked about this
Huge list of side effects of of adverse effects that come from these things was expected because that's how awful of an idea
Transpecting healthy humans was and remains
And a lot of these people should have known that in 2020 like I did
And so you increase the all-cause mortality that's happening by changing all these things under the
pretense of fear and uncertainty and doubt about the worst case scenario to come
And then you blame it all on the novel virus and you continue to do it by having senate meetings where you don't acknowledge that protocols killed people
Hardly at all. You don't say that that opioid deaths have skyrocketed over the last five years
But over the last 10 years have been rising very consistently and shouldn't be called all cause mortality
But should be caused excess deaths all the time because nobody should be dying from opioid overdose
Nobody should be dying from from drunk driving those are all excess deaths
And if you calculate excess deaths based on how many people died last year of all those causes you are missing murders
And
Now if you can process that if you can hold that thought in your head understand that with intention
Understand with good planning
Understand with a spectacular commitment to lying
You can accomplish a hell of a lot more than has ever been accomplished before
Now combine that with censorship on the internet and and false
amplification of other peoples and false amplification of limited spectrums of debate and making them seem like they're really important
Can fool a whole globe into thinking that there's a cover up of a lab leak happening and fool a whole globe into thinking that they witnessed
The spread of a gain of function virus and that's what these people did
And that's why solving the mystery of the gain of function lab leak cover up gets the public to accept the entire paradigm
And then more importantly it gets us to teach it to our kids
And it's hidden behind this
It's hidden behind that fate
I'm going to escape from this and start it up again
Because sometimes it just gets tired
Oh
My goodness, what's happening here
It's very tired
And so here we are I got the the the the narrative as I summarized it back here
And then I've got some of these other positions here, you know, nature's scary enough
Um, the faith is basically right here, right? This is the
The main faith of the show right here
Um gain of function lab leak is the worst case scenario or a lot of these people over here
Viruses are real but they lied about covid you might characterize a lot of these people like this
And then as you move over here, there are no viruses and all of these are just
I'm not arguing or
Selecting any of these. I'm just showing you
Where we are and what we're talking about and then they added some more stuff recently like israel has the right to defend itself or
Vaccines are contaminated or the dod is responsible or the vaccine saved millions and then we got more arguing about that stuff
But what you don't see
And what you can see very very plain as day if you just open your eyes
Is that they murdered americans to take over the world?
New york city
And the story of new york city that jessica hocket is telling and comparing into chicago for example
That story was sufficient
And if they indeed if there really was 26,000 people that were killed by a combination of protocols and lack of antibiotics and whatever else they did
Remdesivir whatever. I don't know they didn't use remdesivir right away. I don't think in new york city
And they murdered americans in order to sustain the illusion
Of a pandemic and to sustain the fear of worst case scenario
And we're not talking about it. Then all of these people are in trouble. All of these people are against america
Now it's very strange that almost all the no virus people
Except for the one that had a grant to do
biometrics in prisons
and
A picture of him shaking hands with andrew quomo is the only american in that group up there of no virus people
Everybody else is actually five ice countries
And so you can see very clearly they needed to they need to have the world
Turn against america. So what what what
James giordano is talking about. I think
Yes, he's telling the story about how one country could attack another country
But what we're seeing here is actually a fracturing of the western world
Against america and the only way for america to
Only way for us to fix it is for america to pull up its big boy pants
Admit that we have to admit that we lost control of our government and take control back again
We have to advocate for national sovereignty around the world. We have to advocate for global cooperation and diplomacy
And we have to fight against as nick hudson said so so well anything that is advocated as a global problem
Anything that is advocated as a global solution must be rejected
Because they murdered people to take over the world
They have lied to people to take over the world
And more importantly they have murdered americans because it is the
The trust in america's leadership it is the ability for america to lead based on its legislative
system
And the rights codified within it
That they needed to take down
And so this is an operation against america. That's why we are in the most danger
That's why they're that we need to pull our pants up and take take control
And that's why they want us to fight the who and not
Congress
That's why they want us to advocate for congress to do an investigation because then it will be the system investigating itself
We need to get our spiritual and moral closets in order
We need to apologize to the young people for abdicating the responsibility of understanding
And for allowing this to have resulted in the murder of hundreds of thousands of americans
And as long as we're not talking about the murder of hundreds of thousands of americans
Then as far as i'm concerned
These people aren't doing their job they're arguing about you know
Who's misrepresenting who's work or who is first on whatever
If you're not talking about the murder of americans in order to get the world to buy in
I don't think you're trying to win
If you're not talking about the vaccine schedule in america as being a criminally
A criminal enterprise you're not trying to win if you're not saying the transfection
We should have known better. It was criminally negligent in 2020 to have anybody advocated for it
Then you're not really trying to win and that's why i'm thinking that a lot of these people aren't trying to win
They're no better than paul off it who says that if we know one thing for sure
transfection works
They're no better than anybody else who equates the mystery virus to excess deaths
They're no better than anybody else who
ignores the fear and uncertainty and doubt ignores the do not resuscitate orders in new york city
That led to this mass casualty events ignores the confounding of these things
like lack of antibiotic use with the virus ignores the poor use of steroids ignores
Remdesivir and medazolam ignores the opioid deaths
They're all doing it. It doesn't matter if you're paul off it or jessica rose or or or harvey
Harvey rice
They all should know by now. It's four years in
The math has been done by dennis rancor the math has been done by
Mark kulak the math has been done by jessica hockett and by jonathan angler and by martin kneel and other people
And yet they ignored the financial incentives they ignored the track and trace they ignored the masks
They ignored all these things that perpetuated the idea
Of a worst-case scenario and they ignored the pcr fraud the lateral testing fraud and the ridiculous sequencing fraud
They didn't address any of it at all
none of it at all
In fact, they reinforced it
Kevin mccurnan didn't say that at the start of the pandemic i was objecting to the pcr test because their primers were crap
He just explained how pcr works
And so again, you know the the the lawyer for chd that does all the interviews with the jd after her name is she gonna
Say anything about strict liability is she gonna talk about how the cicp and the vicp are violations of our seventh amendment rights
And that we should advocate for that is she gonna say that that's chd's position no
And so the all the epidemiologists in the room no evidence of spread didn't notice it at all didn't bother to invite denny rancor
I don't know the limited spectrum of debate seems pretty pretty intact to me
Seems like it was pretty intact
Seems like we're still on this road where the novel virus happened and gain a function happens and it'll happen again
We're still in the car with these people the same people that were in
So many of these other shows
I'm pushing all the same ideas
Some of the people you trust are responsible for seeding guiding and maintaining the pandemic confusion
They're doing it right now. They did it in front of the senate last week
Some of them know some of them don't
But at some point we're gonna have to wake up that none of these people are trying to save us
They are either broken
coerced
Or participating because they know
What Brett Weinstein said is true
That we can't stay on this peak that there's a valley coming and that we have to try and survive the valley
Everybody in the ruling class is of course going to survive the valley, but you know us regular people
Who weren't our houses we're going to have trouble
Better get some chickens
You can afford a plot of land, you know, like at the foot of a national park or if you can afford a winery
Otherwise you're going to be pretty much SOL
And this is how they did it and they're still doing it what happened in front of the senate was a lot of this
People doing what they have been practicing for the last four years and enacting it out Jessica rose. Oh my goodness the VAERS data
Brett Weinstein. Oh my goodness the censorship
Pierre Corey. Oh my goodness. I vermectin was was really given a bad name
And kevin mccurnan. Oh my goodness. There's adulteration in the shots
It's all part of this
It's all part of this limited spectrum of debate getting you to ask the wrong questions so that you never escape
And getting you to think that these people are leading the way and so you don't have to do anything just wait for them to stop
I vermectin and hydroxychloroquine were likely semi safe
Medications, but I vermectin is probably not something you want to take all the time
Hydroxychloroquine is probably not something you want to take all the time although people do
when they have lupus or you know
Nobody takes ivermectin all the time though to cure river blindness
And so we are being bamboozled these are part of the bamboozlement to distract you to make you think that there was a novel virus that needed some novel solutions
And that's not true
The double stranded contamination is being used to justify that the transfection kind of worked it could have worked better
But they rushed it, you know because of all this other stuff. It's nonsense
The diffuse proposal is part of this limited spectrum of debate where it's supposed to get you to solve the the mystery and
Be further evidence that the mystery is solved and in their deed there was a cover up. This is all a lie
They created the pandemic with previous scientific papers
That created the illusion of pandemic potential
They created the pandemic by
Doing tabletop exercises for the last 20 years to brainwash these people to convince these people in the bureaucracy that this was the way
And that this was the plan
And then they created a illusion of spread using mash casualty events and testing and then they fueled the narrative with worst case scenario
for months if not years
And twisted around in there all the expected complications of the transfection to come
So that when we transfected people we could confound that with the spike of the virus
And people who knew about the the fear and cleavage site very early and zeroed in on the spike very early
They're almost certainly a part of this wittingly or unwittingly. They were given a tip
And told that it would do well for them if they if they if they you know followed instructions
And so they did and it's a secure national security operation. So they felt cool about it
They probably were given a lanyard or a or it had to sign somewhere
And so they felt extra special to be part of the governing structure of america
And that's certainly what they think they are now part of the governing structure of america
He's
Brett Weinstein considers himself part of the ruling elite it wouldn't wouldn't surprise me if
Mary holland considers herself part of the ruling elite or that guy for the center of
Security policy he considers himself part of the ruling elite
Robert Malone
considers himself part of the ruling elite
And together they have taken on the task of convincing us that the
Transfection and the and the virus can be confusing
They both have overlapping effects
Because it's convenient for the governing elite to like this
It's convenient for the governing elite to believe this
And so Robert Malone is serving
the elite by perpetuating this narrative by by
In fact, he could have a special place inside of the the ruling elite because of his ability to
sustain this illusion of the biology of viruses the biology of
Of transfection the biology of pharmaceutical products in general this illusion
It's been hammered into us for decades now that antibodies equal immunity and vaccine antibodies are great
Look at that spike protein variant go on into the future and change color like that
Isn't it such a perfect cartoon for
Francis Collins to have used repeatedly on his blog during 2020 to make sure that we understood
The immunology and depth that we could exercise informed consent as we decided whether or not to
Transfect our grandkids or transfect our grandparents
We are trapped right now in a new world order
Defined by pandemic potential and if you want to get out of it, you cannot let this lie become the truth
That senate hearing was about the lie becoming the truth about making sure that you didn't ask the right questions
So that the lie could become truth if you want to avoid this
You're going to have to dispel the worst case scenario. You're going to have to actively fight against these people who don't care
If the cultural cultural fabric of america is ripped in half
They don't care if there is chaos that's created as we move from this peak to this valley
And reorganize the way we are governed because they know that they are on the team of those people that intend to be governing on the other side
of that valley
And they are perfectly happy with enslaving your children and enslaving the next generation
They're perfectly happy with it because has bret Weinstein said this is no way to run a civilization
We can't do this. This is no way to do it. This is not sustainable
Make no mistake about it bret Weinstein knows what this is all about
He knows that they have to invert the way that we think about ourselves
So that we don't think of ourselves our biology is sacred our genetics is sacred
Has something that is an irreducible complexity that shouldn't be messed with we have to surrender
We have to move from this peak to a valley
We have to not allow our children to get on this train where there's a faith in a novel virus
And we have defeated epidemics in the past with vaccines
Bret still thinks vaccines in general are the best idea we've ever had
Novel coronaviruses cannot jump from species and then perpetually circulate the globe for five years. That doesn't happen
There are no PCR false positives
If the amplicon gets amplified it gets amplified you have to sequence it to find out what got amplified and then still you don't prove
That anything else exists besides that amplicon
And the variants are not evidence of spread they're not continuing evolution
They could either be a background that has been characterized and and formulated into a
phylogenetic tree that never existed
It could be that we are tracing continued release of different variants
Because they're testing
Transfection
It could be any number of things because this is a crime scene because RNA doesn't do pandemics
Because the only thing that they could do this with is a clone
Because they've been using cloning technologies to study viruses for decades
So there's no ongoing RNA pandemic
This illusion of consensus is wrong. We are in the fifth year of this illusion and it must be broken
We don't need some kind of Cartesian blah blah blah
The illusion is the consensus that Brett Weinstein and other people have agreed on in front of the senate that there was a novel pathogen
That it killed millions of people that millions more were saved from
Thank heaven transfection works better than expected, but it is contaminated. So we do have to fix it. We got to admit that
The faith in the novel virus is completely and totally intact
And it's a lie
It's almost certainly a conflated background signal. It's almost certainly
RNA and DNA noise in the background that can be conflated into whatever they wanted to be conflated with
because they did not ever try to be
highly specific
highly precise
They tried to use
a broad strokes
Because it was worst case scenario. They were trying to avoid so a few false positives even a lot of false positives is better than false negatives
They lied ladies and gentlemen, it's just a lie
We have to advocate for a pause in the all childhood vaccines in america
We have to advocate for strict liability in all pharmaceutical products
We have to investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events
We have to investigate the use of transfection to create the illusion of a pandemic
However, many different ways that is possible
We have to take back sovereignty over our children
And we have to leave the un entirely and that would include the who of course because the who is part of the un
You can see these people are not trying to get us out because they don't advocate for a pause
In the vaccine schedule and an investigation of it in america. They don't advocate for strict liability even though they're lawyers
They don't mention the deadly protocols at all when they're recapping what happened
With the pandemic. What are they hiding? They're hiding the deadly deadly protocols
They're hiding the misuse of antibiotics and steroids
They're hiding the misuse of ventilators
They're hiding the the obfuscation of the word transfection and how everybody should have done known better
They're they're they're obfuscating the use of cloning technology to actually perpetuate rna virology to begin with
And they don't seem to be able to summarize across the entire show
And most of these people when they do argue they argue about people and motives rather than the biology that I talk about they argue about my motives
They argue about who i'm
Controlled opposition working for instead of just talking about the points that i'm making here the biology that I talk about
And that's how you know the gig ombiological needs your support
Because I don't have any other support other than you my viewers
You are the ones that decide whether this show goes on
Maybe my sub stack subscribers as well, which I don't have very many of but I do thank you all for doing it
We are at a time point where they need our children. They want our grandchildren. They don't want us
That's why they're lying to us so that we will lie to our grandchildren so that we can't figure it out
Ladies and gentlemen, the AI can't do it, but they have bamboozled rich people into believing it can
If we just had more data, that's the promise
That's the new world order that we're in and the reality is very simple
It's codified in the book do and it's so ironic that doing has come out this week
A world where they completely got rid of
artificial intelligence because
When you turn your thinking over to machines
In hopes that you will be free what you end up doing is you turn over your thinking to the people with the machines
They want you to think that AI in the future is dangerous. AI is already bamboozled you
AI is already tricking you into believing that your message is getting out
AI has already fooled me into believing that my message is getting out
And it's not
Not if you're using their their formats not if you're using their forms not if you're using their applications
That's why we are moving to peer tube
And we're never going to look back at twitch again. That's why we are going to move to soapbox and we're not going to look back
At tweeting again except to bring people where we are off
We're not going to go to gab. We're not going to go to locals. We're not going to run to rumble
We're going to build our own website. We're going to host our own server
And we're going to do it right
Now you might point out that other people are doing this there's a peer tube france. There's a peer tube chdeu
But it's got to be a small
Start and when we're going to grow
And we're going to network and we're going to expand
Until we stop them from being able to enslave our children
Police ladies and gentlemen stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned
You
Ladies and gentlemen, you can support me at giggle and biological.com you can find
Our little soap box at giga ohm dot bio
and soon we're going to have a
A streaming platform at stream dot giga ohm dot bio
You can support me at that one time link there. You can also scroll down
You can find a PO box. You can find a phone number and you can find links to subscribe
And the subscribers are what keep this going. I thank you all very very much for doing so you can also contact me there at that link
Thank you very much for joining me. These are the people that support my work. These are the subscribers
I owe them really my life at this stage. My family owes them a great great great
You know a battleship of gratitude
If you can't afford to subscribe, please
Take the time to share my work on twitter and elsewhere as we move away from those places
You can still help us throw the information out there and try to get it as far as we can
I think um next weekend is going to be the first weekend where we might be on peertube if we're lucky
And next weekend will also be the following not this coming weekend, but next weekend
Um, we'll be the the the premiere of the new star trek
Um
I have to tell you that this week we're going to be on today tomorrow
Thursday, uh, wednesday and thursday and then I will be off for four days because I will be traveling to a
uh in
a broken science
um gathering
uh over the weekend coming up
Um, and that will be it's like a critical thinking bootcamp
I'm really excited about it. I think it'll be really fun
I'm very privileged to have been invited to it and I hope that's going to be very exciting
So this week we'll be on
Tomorrow wednesday and thursday and then we'll have probably four days off and i'll be back on tuesday again just to keep everything
Going don't forget that the truth is not available on television
Um, you're going to have to find um alternative sources for your news
And I hope that giga ohm biological for science news for biology for common sense
Um giga ohm biological might be the place that you will come
Um, we've come a long ways and it's all thanks to people like greg and steve and and rodney
And uh, I just can't thank you all
Enough for all of the help that you've given it my family and I will see you again tomorrow
That was hilary wasn't supposed to be hilary that was hilary
Good night ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining me lovely lovely lovely to see you all